Update documentation and add release notes (#214)
Qiskit/retworkx: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

> First read the overall Qiskit project contributing guidelines. These are all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First read the overall Qiskit project contribution guidelines. These are all
```

with imports from retworkx the installed version of retworkx (which contains
the compiled extension).

### Style

#### Rust

Rust is the primary language of retworkx and all the functional code in the
libraries is written in Rust. The Rust code in retworkx uses
[rustfmt](https://github.com/rust-lang/rustfmt) to enfore consistent style.
CI jobs are configured to ensure to check this. Luckily adapting your code is
as simple as running:

```bash
cargo fmt
```

locally. This will automatically restyle the rust code in retworkx to match
what CI is checking.

##### Lint

An additional step is to run [clippy](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-clippy)
on your changes. While this is not run in CI (because it's very dependent on

> the rust/cargo version) it often catches issues in your code. You can run it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the rust/cargo version) it can often catch issues in your code. You can run it
```

```
which will output the html rendered documentation in `docs/build/html` which
you can view locally in a web browser.

### Release Notes

> When making any end user facing changes in a contribution we have to make sure
> we document that when we release a new version of retworkx. The expectation
> is that if your code contribution has user facing changes that you will write
> the release documentation for these changes. This documentation must explain
> what was changed, why it was changed, and how users can either use or adapt
> to the change. The idea behind release documentation is that when a naive
> user with limited internal knowledge of the project is upgrading from the
> previous release to the new one, they should be able to read the release notes,
> understand if they need to update their program which uses retworkx, and how they
> would go about doing that. It ideally should explain why they need to make
> this change too, to provide the necessary context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is important to document any end user facing changes when we release a new 
version of retworkx.  The expectation is that if your code contribution has 
user facing changes that you will write the release documentation for these 
changes. This documentation must explain what was changed, why it was changed, 
and how users can either use or adapt to the change. The idea behind release 
documentation is that when a naive user with limited internal knowledge of the 
project is upgrading from the previous release to the new one, they should be  
able to read the release notes, understand if they need to update their 
program which uses retworkx, and how they would go about doing that. It 
ideally should explain why they need to make this change too, to provide the 
necessary context.
```

##### Linking to issues

If you need to link to an issue or other Github artifact as part of the release
note this should be done using an inline link with the text being the issue
number. For example you would write a release note with a link to issue 12345
as:

```yaml
fixes:
  - |
    Fixes a race condition in the function ``foo()``. Refer to
    `#12345 <https://github.com/Qiskit/retworkx/issues/12345>`__ for more
    details.
```

#### Generating the release notes

After release notes have been added if you want to see what the full output of
the release notes. Reno is used to combine the release note yaml files into a
single rst (ReStructuredText) document that
[sphinx](https://www.sphinx-doc.org/en/master/) will then compile for us as part
of the documentation builds. If you want to generate the rst file you
use the ``reno report`` command. If you want to generate the full retworkx
release notes for all releases (since we started using reno during 0.8) you just
run::

    reno report

but you can also use the ``--version`` argument to view a single release (after
it has been tagged::

    reno report --version 0.8.0

#### Building release notes locally

> Building The release notes are part of the standard retworkx documentation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Building the release notes is part of the standard retworkx documentation
```
